## Variables:

Below are the list of variables that are generated by the script:
- dataset
- summarydataset

### Variable - dataset

This dataset contains the merged training and test datasets which only contains
measurements using mean and standard deviations.

#### Columns:
1. Subject - the subject number
2. Activity - activity done by the subject
3. Type - indicator where the data came from (Training/Test)
4. Feature vectors - feature data separated per column and filtered on measures 
                     using mean and standard deviation
5. Acceleration Signal X vectors - 128 columns containing the acceleration signals
                                   X
6. Acceleration Signal Y vectors - 128 columns containing the acceleration signals
                                   Y
7. Acceleration Signal Z vectors - 128 columns containing the acceleration signals
                                   Z
8. Gyroscope Signal X vectors - 128 columns containing the gyroscope velocity signals
                                X
9. Gyroscope Signal Y vectors - 128 columns containing the gyroscope velocity signals
                                Y
10. Gyroscope Signal Z vectors - 128 columns containing the gyroscope velocity signals
                                 Z                                
11. Phone Acceleration Signal X vectors - 128 columns containing the phone  
                                          acceleration signals X
12. Phone Acceleration Signal Y vectors - 128 columns containing the phone  
                                          acceleration signals Y
13. Phone Acceleration Signal Z vectors - 128 columns containing the phone  
                                          acceleration signals Z                              

### Variable - summarydataset

This dataset contains the summarized dataset from the dataset variable. This
dataset is provides information on the average of each variables grouped by 
each subject and their activities

1. Subject - the subject number
2. Activity - activity done by the subject
3. Feature vectors - feature data separated per column and filtered on measures 
                     using mean and standard deviation
4. Mean Acceleration Signal X vectors - 128 columns containing the acceleration signals
                                        X (mean)
5. Mean Acceleration Signal Y vectors - 128 columns containing the acceleration signals
                                        Y (mean)
6. Mean Acceleration Signal Z vectors - 128 columns containing the acceleration signals
                                        Z (mean)
7. Mean Gyroscope Signal X vectors - 128 columns containing the gyroscope velocity signals
                                     X (mean)
8. Mean Gyroscope Signal Y vectors - 128 columns containing the gyroscope velocity signals
                                     Y (mean)
9. Mean Gyroscope Signal Z vectors - 128 columns containing the gyroscope velocity signals
                                     Z (mean)                              
10. Mean Phone Acceleration Signal X vectors - 128 columns containing the phone  
                                               acceleration signals X (mean)
11. Mean Phone Acceleration Signal Y vectors - 128 columns containing the phone  
                                               acceleration signals Y (mean)
12. Mean Phone Acceleration Signal Z vectors - 128 columns containing the phone  
                                               acceleration signals Z (mean)

## Data transformation:

To clean up the data, there are multiple steps that are done on the dataset.
These process were done on both the Training and Test datasets:
1. Converting the columns of the dataset to  its proper data type
2. Use desecriptive activity names
3. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each
   masuresments
4. Use desecriptive variable names
5. Merge the tidy datasets
6. Summarize the datasets

